nice minstrels or ninja dude
amid shows I'm John reason you can't
Pokemon go online you pair a phone wait
I quit
download Pokemon go today right John my
name isn't even John is Jim John Jewish
copyright like that much I'm really
loving this new candle it has all the
ladies books on it like chat rooms
writer oh my god you actually said it
right sorry excuse my French
I'm colorblind I meant to say Shani
you're I know what's the best thing he's
maybe the best company known to mankind
eBay and also was also really good with
this projection some cuddle headphones
you know the paraffins doesn't stick
because I say you mind going you my
man source kids now back to you Tim well
I think
when you brand-new jack yeah let's go
[Music]
hey guys if you like this video don't
give it a thumbs up and unsubscribe and
enable one of the things you said wrong
is if you kind that means you're wasting
your time by watching our videos
oh sorry it seems my friend Chuck color
blind
I meant Shawn your writer the best part
about this candle is big boy the most
best amazing company ever ever
[Laughter]
Johnny a writer and the best part about
this it's made by their oath most post
guess you're wondering at home how I can
seduce
hey John playing a phone a lair